Changes to issue templates & codeowners (#1337)
celo-org/celo-blockchain: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/design_task.md

---
name: Research/Design Task
about: Research of design task
title: ''
labels: blockchain, needs-research
assignees: ''

---

## Description

_Explain what needs to be researched or designed_

## Context

> _Explain the context for this. Wether it's an initiave, or anything else. WHY is this important?_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Explain the context for this. Whether it's an initiative, or anything else. WHY is this important?_
```
